# Case-Study-Arrays-Graded-Assignment
Graded assignment SAS Arrays This assignment will be on SAS Arrays. The data sets needed for this are available under this document. You will need to first review the files to figure out what data fields and types exist, and then write the appropriate code. 1) Write a shorter query using SAS arrays to replace '0's as missing values in “Online Orders.csv” dataset. Use asterix(*). 2) a) Change the values of (NA,?) to missing character values with SAS arrays. (Hint: Use IF THEN statement)  b) Detect and correct the erros in below codes.  data char_m;set Orders;array char_var{} $ _character_;  do t= 1 to dim(char_var);char_var{i} = lowcase(char_var{i}); end;run; 3) Use IF THEN statement to increment the values in "Scores.txt" data which are lesser than 65.(Hint: Add a value to the points to increment the points to just above 65.) 4) The data set "Sales.csv" has details of number of units sold across regions of four products.The target sales across regions(North, East, West), of four products() is given as (9450,9100,8550,9700). With the help of SAS arrays find, what was the percentage of targets achieved for each product-region pair. (Hint: Use temporary arrays.) 5) Consider the below table and the goal is to create four observations for each original observation, one for each variable. (Hint: Store the four observations in an array, and loop over the array, creating a new observation each time.) ID s1 s2 s3 s4 1 12 15 20 23 2 17 21 33 13 3 19 23 39 30 6) The data set “Subset.csv” is extracted from “Online Orders.csv” Data set. The task is to count the missing values across rows with the help of Two dimensional array. (Hint: Use IF THEN statement with do loop).
